2021-12-21,
temperature chambre froide numero 1 : 20,
temperature chambre froide numero 2 : 36,
temperature chambre froide numero 3 : 60,
temperature chambre froide numero 4 : 68,
temperature chambre froide numero 5 : 61,
temperature chambre froide numero 6 : 39,
,2021-12-21,
temperature chambre froide numero 1 : 47,
temperature chambre froide numero 2 : 7,
temperature chambre froide numero 3 : 19,
temperature chambre froide numero 4 : 22,
temperature chambre froide numero 5 : 22,
temperature chambre froide numero 6 : 38,
,2021-12-21,
temperature chambre froide numero 1 : 47,
temperature chambre froide numero 2 : 30,
temperature chambre froide numero 3 : 44,
temperature chambre froide numero 4 : 44,
temperature chambre froide numero 5 : 50,
temperature chambre froide numero 6 : 72
,2021-12-21,
temperature chambre froide numero 1 : 12,
temperature chambre froide numero 2 : 11,
temperature chambre froide numero 3 : 15,
temperature chambre froide numero 4 : 25,
temperature chambre froide numero 5 : 19,
temperature chambre froide numero 6 : 30
,2021-12-21,
temperature chambre froide numero 1 : 0,
temperature chambre froide numero 2 : 0,
temperature chambre froide numero 3 : 0,
temperature chambre froide numero 4 : 0,
temperature chambre froide numero 5 : 0,
temperature chambre froide numero 6 : 0
,2021-12-21,
temperature chambre froide numero 1 : 18,
temperature chambre froide numero 2 : 19,
temperature chambre froide numero 3 : 19,
temperature chambre froide numero 4 : 20,
temperature chambre froide numero 5 : 20,
temperature chambre froide numero 6 : 22
,2021-12-22,
temperature chambre froide numero 1 : 35,
temperature chambre froide numero 2 : 39,
temperature chambre froide numero 3 : 38,
temperature chambre froide numero 4 : 57,
temperature chambre froide numero 5 : 43,
temperature chambre froide numero 6 : 33
,2021-12-22,
temperature chambre froide numero 1 : 100,
temperature chambre froide numero 2 : 100,
temperature chambre froide numero 3 : 100,
temperature chambre froide numero 4 : 100,
temperature chambre froide numero 5 : 100,
temperature chambre froide numero 6 : 100
,2021-12-22,
temperature chambre froide numero 1 : 0,
temperature chambre froide numero 2 : 0,
temperature chambre froide numero 3 : 0,
temperature chambre froide numero 4 : 0,
temperature chambre froide numero 5 : 0,
temperature chambre froide numero 6 : 0
,2021-12-22,
temperature chambre froide numero 1 : 48,
temperature chambre froide numero 2 : 48,
temperature chambre froide numero 3 : 51,
temperature chambre froide numero 4 : 48,
temperature chambre froide numero 5 : 49,
temperature chambre froide numero 6 : 50
,2021-12-22,
temperature chambre froide numero 1 : 0,
temperature chambre froide numero 2 : 0,
temperature chambre froide numero 3 : 0,
temperature chambre froide numero 4 : 0,
temperature chambre froide numero 5 : 0,
temperature chambre froide numero 6 : 0
,2021-12-22,
temperature chambre froide numero 1 : 100,
temperature chambre froide numero 2 : 100,
temperature chambre froide numero 3 : 100,
temperature chambre froide numero 4 : 100,
temperature chambre froide numero 5 : 100,
temperature chambre froide numero 6 : 100